[quirky music]
♪ ♪
- PREVIOUSLY ON DEXTER...
- JAMES GELLAR.
- THE PROFESSOR FROM
THE UNIVERSITY OF TALLAHASSEE.
- GELLAR DISAPPEARED
THREE YEARS AGO
AFTER HE GOT FIRED.
YOU CAN'T GET IN TOUCH
WITH HIM...
'CAUSE HE WENT UNDERGROUND.
- YOU SAID GELLAR DOES
THE KILLING.
- HE'S SO MUCH STRONGER
THAN ME.
- GELLAR IS PULLING YOU
TOWARD THE DARKNESS, TRAVIS,
NOT THE LIGHT.
- WHAT YOU SAID TO ME
MADE ME THINK.
- THINK WHAT?
- THAT I DON'T HAVE TO DO
WHAT HE SAYS.
YOU'RE FREE.
- SO WHEN JESSICA MORRIS
O.D.'D,
THERE WAS DEFINITELY SOMEONE
IN THAT HOTEL ROOM WITH HER.
- NO DOUBT.
- THEN WHY IS LAGUERTA ON MY ASS
TO CLOSE THIS THING?
[yelling]
- MY GOD!
WHAT THE FUCK?
- GELLAR HASN'T SEEN WRATH
UNTIL HE'S SEEN MINE.
TRAVIS.
GELLAR.
HE'S BEEN DEAD ALL ALONG.
TRAVIS ACTED ALONE.
HE KILLED ALL THOSE PEOPLE.
TRAVIS IS THE ONLY
DOOMSDAY KILLER.
AND I'VE MADE
A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
SAME KILL WOUND
AS THE OTHER VICTIMS.
WHICH MEANS--
[sword drops]
TRAVIS.
YOU KILLED GELLAR?
- [grunting]
PROFESSOR GELLAR.
IT IS NOT TRUE.
I DID NOT KILL YOU.
NO! NO.
- YOU DID, TRAVIS.
IT'S TIME YOU FACED THE TRUTH
ABOUT YOURSELF.
- HE THINKS GELLAR
IS STILL ALIVE.
- TALKING TO SOMEONE
WHO ISN'T THERE.
HUH.
- I REMEMBER I CAME
TO YOUR OFFICE.
I BROUGHT YOU
THE JOHN THE REVELATOR SWORD.
- YEAH, YOU'D STOLEN IT.
UNIVERSITY BLAMED ME
AND THEY FIRED ME.
- I TOLD YOU WE NEEDED IT.
BECAUSE WE ARE
THE TWO WITNESSES...
FROM REVELATION 11.
- AND I TOLD YOU
YOU WERE DELUSIONAL
AND NEEDED HELP.
- I CONVINCED YOU.
I MADE YOU SEE...
THAT WE ARE THE CHOSEN ONES.
I PROVED IT TO YOU
THAT YOU COULDN'T BE HURT.
- YOU STABBED ME WITH THE SWORD
THREE YEARS AGO.
- AND IT COULDN'T PIERCE
YOUR FLESH.
NO.
I DIDN'T DO THAT.
- YOU KILLED ME, TRAVIS.
AND THEN YOU STUCK ME
IN THE FREEZER.
- THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
IT WAS HIM.
THE FALSE PROPHET.
HE KILLED YOU.
HE'S TRYING TO STOP
WHAT GOD HAS COMMANDED US TO DO!
AND I WILL CARRY ON
WITHOUT YOU.
I WILL FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED.
YOU WERE WRONG, OLD MAN.
I'M IN CONTROL NOW.
I WILL MAKE NEW DISCIPLES
THAT WILL HELP ME.
I DON'T NEED YOU ANYMORE.
- TRAVIS!
I HAVE TO STOP HIM.
- WHAT HAPPENED
TO SAVING HIM?
- TRAVIS' DARK PASSENGER
IS A PART OF HIM.
HE CAN'T BE SAVED FROM IT
ANYMORE THAN I CAN FROM MINE.
I SHOULD'VE NEVER LISTENED
TO BROTHER SAM.
- HE WAS RIGHT ABOUT
ONE THING.
IF YOU PUT YOUR FAITH
IN THE WRONG THING--
- IT CAN REALLY FUCK YOU UP.
IT WAS A MISTAKE
TO PUT MY FAITH IN TRAVIS.
FROM NOW ON, I'M ONLY
PUTTING MY FAITH IN MYSELF.
[cell phone beeps]
IT'S DEB.
THE COPS ARE CANVASSING
A ONE-MILE RADIUS
AROUND THE IP ADDRESS
FROM GELLAR'S BLOG.
- THEY'RE CLOSING IN.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
TO LET THIS ONE GO.
- NO!
THE ONLY WAY TO KILL
A DARK PASSENGER
IS TO TAKE OUT THE DRIVER.
AFTER EVERYTHING
TRAVIS PUT ME THROUGH,
HE'S MINE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- IF THE COPS FIND GELLAR,
THEY'LL FOCUS
THE HUNT ON TRAVIS.
IT'LL MAKE IT THAT MUCH HARDER
FOR ME TO GET TO HIM.
I HAVE TO KEEP GELLAR ALIVE.
- THIS IS GHOULISH,
EVEN FOR YOU.
- WELL, IF THE COPS FOUND
ONLY TRAVIS' PRINTS,
THEY'D GET SUSPICIOUS.
THIS WAY, THEY'LL FIND
GELLAR'S FINGERPRINTS TOO.
ONCE I'M DONE HERE, I JUST HAVE
TO STRIKE THE KILL ROOM,
DUMP GELLAR'S BODY
IN THE SWAMP,
AND HEAD TO TRAVIS' MOTEL.
- YOU REALLY THINK HE'S THERE?
- NO, BUT IT MIGHT HELP ME
GET IN TOUCH WITH HIM.
- WHAT ABOUT THAT?
- WELL, IT'S HELPED ME ONCE.
MAYBE I COULD USE IT AGAIN.
I'LL STASH IT IN THE MORGUE
FOR A RAINY DAY.
GELLAR'S BLOG.
- YOU MEAN TRAVIS' BLOG.
- AND NOW THAT I HAVE
TRAVIS' LAPTOP,
I CAN POST AS GELLAR TOO.
- BATTING THE BEEHIVE?
YOU SURE THAT'S A GOOD IDEA?
TRAVIS IS UNSTABLE.
- I NEED HIM TO ENGAGE.
THIS SHOULD GET
HIS ATTENTION.
- I'LL DO...ANYTHING...FOR YOU,
DR. GELLAR.
IT'S COOL WHAT YOU'RE DOING,
KILLING ALL THOSE PEOPLE.
- THAT'S CREEPY.
- HEY, GELLAR.
IT'S THE END TIMES, HUH?
TIME FOR GOD'S WRATH.
WELL, I GOT SOME
GOD'S WRATH...
RIGHT HERE!
[laughing]
OH, YEAH!
END TIMES!
GOD'S WRATH.
[laughing]
- DR. GELLAR,
I'VE READ ALL YOUR STUFF.
BUT I FELT LIKE YOU WERE
JUST CRACKING THE SURFACE.
GLAD TO SEE YOU MAN UP,
TAKE THE NEXT STEP.
PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS BEING KILLED
IN THE BIBLE.
BUT I'M WITH YOU...
TILL THE END OF DAYS.
- DOOMSDAY KILLER'S
IN AN ABANDONED CHURCH.
IT'S TOO FUCKING PERFECT.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT.
IS THIS IT?
ARE THESE GELLAR'S PAINTINGS?
- IT LOOKS THAT WAY.
AND THIS HAS TO BE WHERE
GELLAR AND TRAVIS
PREPARED THEIR TABLEAUS.
- AND HELD THEIR VICTIMS.
- HOLY CHRIST ON A STICK.
SORRY.
[breathing heavily]
- DEB.
YOU OKAY?
[breathing heavily]
- I'M FINE.
I JUST NEED TO...
GET SOME AIR.
[Latin music playing]
♪ ♪
[cell phone rings]
- WHAT?
WHAT?
YEAH.
YEAH, I'LL BE THERE.
[muttering]
- THE COPS MAY HAVE
FOUND HIS HIDEOUT,
BUT THAT WON'T STOP TRAVIS.
THAT'S UP TO ME.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR HIM TO RESPOND
TO THE BLOG.
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
HIS NEXT KILL.
- DEX, THANK GOD YOU'RE HERE.
- YOU OKAY?
YOU LOOK KINDA...SWEATY.
- I WAS FINE UNTIL I WENT
INTO THE CHURCH,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN...
MY HEART STARTED RACING
AND I COULDN'T BREATHE.
WHAT THE FUCK?
I'VE BEEN TO A MILLION
CRIME SCENES.
- YOU REMEMBER THAT ICE TRUCK
KILLER CRIME SCENE
WHEN HE FILLED THE MOTEL ROOM
WITH BLOOD?
- YEAH.
- I HAD A PANIC ATTACK.
- IS THAT WHAT THIS IS,
A PANIC ATTACK?
- UH, I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE.
- WELL, WHAT WAS YOURS ABOUT?
- REMINDED ME
OF WHEN MY MOM DIED.
- OH, RIGHT.
FUCK, OBVIOUSLY.
I'M SORRY.
- IT'S OKAY.
- BUT THAT MAKES SENSE,
YOU FREAKING OUT ABOUT
YOUR MOM.
ME, PANICKING
AT A CRIME SCENE?
I'M THE FUCKING LIEUTENANT
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
I CAN'T GET ALL WOOZY HERE EVERY
TIME I GO TO A CRIME SCENE.
- MAYBE YOU'RE PREGNANT.
- FIRST OF ALL, FUCK YOU.
AND SECOND OF ALL,
THAT WOULD BE THE IMMACULATE
FUCKING CONCEPTION,
SINCE I HAVEN'T BEEN WITH ANYONE
SINCE QUINN.
AND LASTLY, FUCK YOU.
- SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'RE FEELING BETTER.
- LET'S GO.
TRAVIS AND GELLAR WERE
BUSY FUCKIN' BEES, HUH?
MAKES YOU WONDER
WHERE GOD WAS
WHEN THEY WERE UP TO
ALL OF THIS.
- IT WAS A MISTAKE TO THINK
THAT ANY
OF THIS RELIGIOUS GARBAGE
COULD BE AN ANSWER
TO MY DARK PASSENGER.
THERE'S NO SOLUTION HERE.
ONLY CLUES TO FINDING TRAVIS.
THE PAINTINGS.
- WE GOT THE SEVEN-HEADED
SERPENT...
THE FOUR HORSEMEN...
THE ANGEL.
QUINN, NICE OF YOU TO JOIN US.
THE WHORE OF BABYLON,
THE BOWLS OF WRATH.
AND THE SIXTH ONE...
- WORMWOOD.
- WHAT THE FUCK'S A WORMWOOD?
- PERHAPS HOW I FIND TRAVIS.
- IT'S THE NEXT SACRIFICE.
SOMETHING ABOUT A STAR
THAT CRASHES DOWN TO THE EARTH
AND POISONS MANKIND.
- MANKIND?
THINK THIS ONE'LL BE BIGGER?
- WELL, THEY USED ONE BODY
FOR THE FOUR HORSEMEN
THEY'RE NOT EXACTLY GOING
FOR LITERAL.
- ALL RIGHT, WE NEED TO FIND
THE WHO, THE WHAT,
AND THE WHERE OF THIS A.S.A.P.
[cell phone ringing]
LIEUTENANT MORGAN.
- WHO ARE YOU GOING TO POISON,
TRAVIS?
- HEY, DEX, THERE'S BLOOD.
THINK THESE COULD BE FROM
THE BOWLS OF WRATH?
- COULD BE.
LET'S TEST IT
AGAINST THE SAMPLES
WE TOOK FROM THE CRIME SCENE.
- THANK YOU, SIR.
[cell phone beeps]
- EVERYTHING OKAY?
- MATTHEWS WANTS TO SET UP
A DINNER SOMETIME THIS WEEK.
SOMEPLACE FANCY.
- IT SOUNDS LIKE HE'S INVITING
YOU INTO HIS INNER CIRCLE.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'RE BIG TIME.
- YEAH, RIGHT.
- NOW THAT I'VE DONE MY JOB,
I CAN GET ON WITH MY WORK.
THAT LOOKS PROMISING.
THERE'S SOME MORE JARS
OVER THERE.
I'LL GET IT.
TRAVIS MARSHALL.
DR. BENJAMIN CARLSON,
FROM MIAMI.
- WHAT DO YOU GOT?
- JUST SOME PAINT THINNER.
- WHAT THE FUCK IS
CHLORPROMAZINE?
HEY, ANDERSON.
- OKAY, I'LL GET BACK AT YOU.
- GET A LINE ON
DR. BENJAMIN CARLSON.
THINK TRAVIS WAS A PATIENT
OF HIS.
- GOT IT.
- AT LEAST I STILL HAVE
GELLAR'S BLOG.
THE PRODIGAL SON
HAS RETURNED.
"FALSE PROPHET."
HE'S TALKING TO ME.
I LISTENED TO YOU ONCE
AND I MADE A MISTAKE,
BUT NEVER AGAIN.
I'M GOING TO FIX IT.
WHAT'S HIS MISTAKE?
WAS IT STRAYING FROM GELLAR
AND LISTENING TO ME?
[both giggling]
- I'M PSYCHED
YOU COULD DO BREAKFAST.
- ONE OF THE PERKS
OF BEING A NANNY.
TWO HOURS OFF WHILE HARRISON'S
IN PRESCHOOL.
- I NEED A LITTLE ADVICE.
I REALLY WANT TO SHOW DEXTER
MY VIDEO GAME, YOU KNOW,
FIND OUT WHAT A REAL BLOOD
SPATTER ANALYST THINKS OF IT.
- GOOD IDEA.
- I HAVE NEVER SEEN THE GUY
MAKE A MISTAKE, LIKE, EVER.
- SO YOU WANT TO IMPRESS HIM.
- YEAH.
I MEAN, HE'S--
HE'S KIND OF INTENSE.
- BABE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE'S LIKE AT WORK,
BUT ONCE YOU SEEN HIM READING
EVERYBODY POOPS  TO HARRISON,
YOU REALIZE
HE'S A BIG SOFTIE.
JUST TALK TO HIM.
- LIEUTENANT?
I HAVE THE PERSONAL EFFECTS
OF JESSICA MORRIS.
YOU ASKED FOR THEM.
- OH, RIGHT, FUCK.
THE DEAD CALL GIRL.
UM...
[elevator dings]
JUST PUT 'EM IN MY OFFICE.
I'LL LOOK AT IT LATER.
- OKAY.
STILL LOOKING
INTO THAT CASE.
- WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS.
I'M JUST DOING MY JOB.
- YOU'RE NOT.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
- I NEED TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT TRAVIS NEEDS TO FIX.
WHAT EXACTLY IS WORMWOOD...
AND WHO WILL HIS VICTIM BE?
- OKAY, PEOPLE, BIG DAY,
SO LET'S GET STARTED.
- ARE YOU RUNNING
THE BRIEFING?
- DOOMSDAY IS OUR MOST
IMPORTANT INVESTIGATION,
AND THE MORE I HELP OUT
THE MORE TIME YOU'LL HAVE
TO FOCUS ON OTHER CASES.
- YOU'RE THE BOSS.
- YOU OKAY?
- PEACHY FUCKING KEEN.
- SO I UNDERSTAND THAT
WE FOUND DOOMSDAY'S HIDEOUT.
WHERE WAS IT?
- IN AN ABANDONED CHURCH.
- GREAT.
BRING ME UP TO SPEED.
- I, UH,
FOUND A HIDDEN CELLAR.
I WAS SURE IT WAS GONNA BE
FILLED WITH BODY PARTS
BUT THERE WAS JUST SOME CHURCH
CRAP AND AN OLD FREEZER.
- SORRY TO DISAPPOINT YOU.
- DEXTER?
MASUKA?
- PLACE WAS COVERED IN PRINTS
FROM TRAVIS AND GELLAR.
- WHAT ABOUT THE BLOOD
IN THE JARS?
- WHAT JARS?
- WE FOUND BLOODY JARS
IN THE TRASH. DEX?
- SAME TYPE AS TRAVIS',
AND IT MATCHED SOME
OF THE SAMPLES WE TOOK
FROM THE BOWLS OF WRATH.
- I WAS THINKING HOLLY BENSON,
THE GIRL WHO ESCAPED.
SHE THOUGHT THEY
MADE HER DRINK BLOOD.
MAYBE IT WAS FROM THOSE JARS.
- HOLLY BENSON DIDN'T ESCAPE.
TRAVIS LET HER GO BECAUSE OF ME.
- ANDERSON, WHAT DO YOU GOT?
ANYTHING ELSE?
- COULD SHE BE THE MISTAKE
TRAVIS WAS TALKING ABOUT?
THE MISTAKE HE NEEDS TO FIX.
TRAVIS IS ALREADY BACK
ON GELLAR'S PATH.
WILL HOLLY BE HIS VICTIM
IN THE WORMWOOD TABLEAU?
IF I FIND HOLLY,
HOPEFULLY I'LL FIND TRAVIS.
- DEXTER. HEY!
JAMIE AND I WENT
TO YOUR DONUT SHOP THIS MORNING.
- NOT NOW, LOUIS.
[knocking]
[door unlocking]
- IT'S--IT'S YOU.
- AND YOU'RE DOOMSDAY ADAM.
- IT'S JUST I--
I NEVER...IMAGINED--
STEVE DORSEY.
THIS IS SUCH AN HONOR.
- IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU TOO,
STEVE.
DO YOU MIND IF I COME IN?
I'M KIND OF BEING HUNTED.
- OH, RIGHT!
YEP, PLEASE.
COME ON IN.
BETH, GET IN HERE
AND MEET OUR GUEST.
- WELL, I HOPE HE'S HUNGRY.
I HAVE SNACKS.
[breathlessly]
OH, MY--
- HOW ABOUT THAT?
- TRAVIS MARSHALL.
IT'S A PLEASURE
TO MEET YOU, BETH.
- OH, I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
I'VE SEEN YOU ON THE NEWS.
IS PROFESSOR GELLAR
COMING TOO?
- NO. NOT TODAY.
- WE WERE JUST SO CONFUSED
BY HIS BLOG.
HE SAID THIS WAS ALL
THE DEVIL'S ERRAND.
- PROFESSOR GELLAR
DIDN'T WRITE THAT.
IT WAS A FALSE PROPHET
TRYING TO THROW A MONKEY WRENCH
INTO GOD'S PLAN.
- I KNEW IT.
- WELL, PLEASE SIT DOWN.
SORRY I JUST HAVE, UM,
VELVEETA AND CRACKERS.
STEVE'S BEEN OUT OF WORK
LATELY AND...
- I KNOW HOW IT IS.
SOMETIMES IT FEELS AS IF
GOD HAS FORGOTTEN US.
BUT I'M HERE TO TELL YOU
THAT YOUR TIME HAS COME.
THE FAITHFUL WILL BE GIVEN
UNTOLD RICHES
IN GOD'S NEW KINGDOM...
IF YOU TRUST AND OBEY.
- WE'RE READY,
MR. MARSHALL.
WE'LL DO WHATEVER YOU SAY.
- GOOD.
BUT FIRST, I NEED TO KNOW
THAT YOU'RE FULLY COMMITTED.
- HOLLY BENSON'S APARTMENT--
THE VICTIM WHO WOULD'VE BEEN.
I CAN STAKE THE PLACE OUT.
WAIT AND SEE
IF TRAVIS SHOWS UP.
- AREN'T YOU PUTTING A LOT
OF EGGS IN THE HOLLY BASKET?
- I'M TRUSTING MY INSTINCTS.
SOMETHING I SHOULD'VE DONE
A LONG TIME AGO.
- DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
SHE'S HERE.
WHAT IF TRAVIS
GOT TO HER FIRST?
- THERE'S NO SIGNS
OF A STRUGGLE OR A BREAK-IN.
- NOT AN OUNCE OF MAKEUP.
NO HAIRBRUSH, NO TOOTHBRUSH.
- SHE COULD'VE PACKED A BAG,
GONE OUT OF TOWN.
- SHE STILL WON'T BE SAFE.
TRAVIS IS DETERMINED TO FIND HER
WHEREVER SHE IS.
- WHICH IS WHY I HAVE TO
MAKE SURE I FIND HER FIRST.
COME ON, HOLLY.
GIVE ME SOMETHING I CAN USE.
SOMETHING ELSE.
- WHO WOULD SHE BE WITH?
FAMILY? FRIENDS?
- BOYFRIEND.
I BET HE KNOWS WHERE SHE IS.
PETER GRANT.
I'M GUESSING THIS IS HIM.
[distant music and voices]
HI, I'M LOOKING FOR, UH,
PETER GRANT.
- OH, MY DAD.
- IS HE AT HOME?
- DOES IT LOOK LIKE I HAVE
PARENTAL SUPERVISION?
HE'S OFF IN SPAIN...
OR PORTUGAL MAYBE.
- CAN YOU TELL ME IF HE KNOWS
A WOMAN NAMED HOLLY BENSON?
- SHE'S MY DAD'S "SEX-RETARY."
WHY?
- I, UH--I'M A FRIEND.
CAN'T SEEM TO GET IN TOUCH
WITH HER.
- YEAH, WELL, NO OFFENSE,
BUT YOUR FRIEND
IS A TOTAL SLAM-PIG.
- RIGHT. SLAM-PIG.
ANY IDEA WHERE I CAN FIND HER?
- I DON'T KNOW.
THE YACHT MAYBE?
- YACHT?
- MY DAD HAS THIS BOAT
THAT HE REFUSES TO GET RID OF.
PROBABLY
SOME KIND OF FUCK PAD.
- WHERE IS IT?
- I DON'T KNOW.
ON THE WATER SOMEWHERE.
- THANKS.
- IF YOU DO FIND HER, THOUGH,
WILL YOU GIVE HER
A MESSAGE FOR ME?
- NICE KID.
BUT IF SHE'S RIGHT AND HOLLY'S
OUT ON A BOAT ALONE,
SHE'S A SITTING DUCK
FOR TRAVIS.
TIME TO PLAY
"FIND THE FUCK PAD."
- HE'S IN SPAIN
WITH HIS WIFE.
IF HE WAS LYING, WOULD HE
LET ME CRASH ON HIS BOAT
WHILE HE'S AWAY?
WHO ASKED YOU ANYWAY?
I GOT TO GO.
[light thumping]
HELLO?
WHO'S THERE?
- HELLO, WHORE.
- [gasps]
[screaming]
- SHH.
WE'RE GOING FOR
A LITTLE CRUISE.
[light snoring]
- WHAT THE FUCK?
YOU'RE A FUCKING ASSHOLE.
- I'M AN ASSHOLE?
DOOMSDAY'S OUT THERE SEARCHING
FOR HIS NEXT VICTIM
AND YOU'RE ASLEEP ON THE JOB.
- WHAT ARE YOU,
FUCKING SUPERCOP?
- NO.
I GIVE A SHIT.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
TRY IT FOR ONCE,
INSTEAD OF GOING OUT DRINKING
EVERY NIGHT
AND COMING TO WORK
WHILE MESSED UP.
- GIVE IT A FUCKING REST, MAN.
- SO WHAT...
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
BROKE UP WITH YOU.
GET OVER IT.
- FUCK THAT.
I'M JUST BEING
A SINGLE GUY HAVING FUN.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT FOR ONCE.
- HEY.
ANY LEADS
ON A WORMWOOD VICTIM?
- WE'RE GOING OVER TO GELLAR'S
AND TRAVIS'
FRIENDS, RELATIVES,
AND ACQUAINTANCES.
FIGURE THE LAST TWO VICTIMS
WERE PERSONAL.
- GOOD THINKING.
KEEP AT IT.
ANY LUCK
ON THE DR. CARLSON FRONT?
- TURNS OUT HE PASSED AWAY
A COUPLE YEARS AGO,
BUT I GOT A COURT ORDER
RELEASING TRAVIS MARSHALL'S
PSYCH EVAL.
DRUGS WERE ANTIPSYCHOTICS.
APPARENTLY HE HAD SOME
BREAKS WITH REALITY.
- JESUS. VIOLENT TENDENCIES
SINCE CHILDHOOD,
A LACK OF EMPATHY,
MASTER MANIPULATOR,
DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR.
- IT MAKES SENSE.
FUCKER WANTS TO END THE WORLD.
- WHAT'S THAT?
- TRAVIS' PSYCH FILE.
- MORE LIKE PSYCH-O FILE.
THE GUY WAS COMPLETE
SOCIOPATH.
- SHIT, IT SAYS HERE THE SHRINK
THOUGHT HE KILLED HIS PARENTS.
- I THOUGHT
IT WAS A CAR ACCIDENT.
- OR NOT.
APPARENTLY TRAVIS
ATTACKED HIS FATHER
AND GRABBED THE WHEEL.
TURNED IT RIGHT INTO A TREE.
- ANY SIGNS
OF PARENTAL ABUSE?
- MM-MM.
IT'S SO WEIRD.
HIS SISTER SEEMED SO CONVINCED
HE WAS A GOOD GUY.
- MAYBE SHE DIDN'T KNOW.
- ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE.
- HE'S BEEN A MONSTER
FROM THE START.
HE'S USING GELLAR
TO JUSTIFY HIS KILLS.
- A LOT OF PEOPLE JUSTIFY
THEIR KILLS.
- YOU MEAN ME?
YOU JUSTIFIED MY KILLS.
YOU TAUGHT ME THE CODE.
- I KEPT YOU FROM
BECOMING YOUR BROTHER.
- MAKING ME A KILLER
WAS THE BEST YOU COULD DO.
- YOU WERE ALREADY
GONNA BE A KILLER.
- I GUESS WE'LL NEVER KNOW.
THERE IT IS.
THE FUCK PAD.
THE RICOCHET RABBIT.
- WHERE YOU GOING?
- I KNOW THIS MARINA.
- I HAD A FREAK-OUT
AT A CRIME SCENE TODAY.
- IS THAT UNUSUAL?
- YES, THAT'S UNUSUAL.
SEEN A LOT OF FUCKED UP SHIT
AND IT USUALLY JUST ROLLS
RIGHT OFF.
- BUT NOT TODAY.
- YOU KNOW WHAT'S EVEN WEIRDER
IS THE STUFF THAT
USUALLY FUCKS ME UP
DIDN'T EVEN PHASE ME TODAY.
- LIKE WHAT?
- LIKE LAGUERTA TRYING TO SWING
HER DICK AROUND
IN THE BRIEFING ROOM.
I HANDLED THAT LIKE A CHAMP.
- WELL, THAT'S FANTASTIC.
- SO WHY DID I LOSE MY SHIT
WHEN I WALKED INTO THAT CHURCH?
- DID THE CHURCH HAVE SOME KIND
OF SIGNIFICANCE FOR YOU?
- I DON'T KNOW.
THE ONLY TIME I GO TO CHURCH
IS TO GO TO A FUNERAL, YOU KNOW?
MY MOM, MY DAD...
BOYFRIENDS,
MY SISTER-IN-LAW.
- SO YOU ASSOCIATE CHURCH
WITH LOSS.
- I GUESS.
WHATEVER.
DOESN'T MATTER.
MY BROTHER SHOWED UP,
HE CALMED ME DOWN.
- DEXTER?
WAS IT SOMETHING
THAT HE SAID?
- UM...
I GUESS.
NOT REALLY.
IT WAS MORE JUST HIM
BEING THERE.
COME TO THINK OF IT...
EVERY TIME THE SHIT HITS
THE FAN, I GO TO HIM.
I'VE EVEN MOVED IN WITH HIM
A FEW TIMES.
- HE'S YOUR SAFE PLACE.
- YEAH.
SINCE WE WERE KIDS.
I USED TO HAVE THESE NIGHTMARES,
AND...
I WOULD SNEAK INTO HIS ROOM
AND I'D CURL UP ON THE FLOOR.
HE WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW
I WAS THERE.
IS THAT WEIRD?
- I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU THINK IT'S WEIRD?
- NOT REALLY.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
I THINK IT'S SWEET.
- [whimpering]
- WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
- YOU MEAN,
WHAT ARE WE  GOING TO DO.
WE'RE GOING TO KILL HER,
BETH.
- OH!
- [grunting]
- HE'S TESTING OUR FAITH.
- LIKE ABRAHAM.
YOU'VE GOT IT EASY.
HE WAS ASKED TO SACRIFICE
HIS SON.
YOU JUST HAVE TO PITCH IN
AND HELP KILL A WHORE.
- [screaming]
- I DON'T THINK I CAN DO THAT.
- I UNDERSTAND, BETH.
BUT YOU'LL BE
PURIFYING HER SINS.
HER SOUL WILL KNOW PARADISE
BECAUSE OF YOUR STRENGTH,
YOUR LOVE.
COME ON.
LET'S SHOW HER SOME LOVE.
- [whimpering]
[muffled grunts and screams]
[cartoon music]
[Harrison giggling]
- OH. HEY, DEXTER!
LOUIS GOT HERE A LITTLE EARLY
TO PICK ME UP FOR OUR DATE.
- YOU HAVE A DATE?
I WAS HOPING YOU COULD STAY.
- SORRY.
- I DON'T SUPPOSED YOU'D WANNA
HAVE YOUR DATE HERE.
- WE CAN'T.
LOUIS BOUGHT US TICKETS
TO GO SEE THE AVETT BROTHERS.
- CAN'T GO ANOTHER TIME?
- THEY'RE ONLY PLAYING
TONIGHT.
[Harrison babbles]
- HEY, DEXTER.
UH...I WAS WONDERING
IF MAYBE
YOU COULD TAKE A LOOK AT MY GAME
BEFORE WE GO.
I MEAN,
IF IT'S NOT A BAD TIME.
- I SHOULD PROBABLY
PUT HARRISON DOWN.
- OH, I GOT HIM.
YOU TAKE IT EASY.
LOOKS LIKE YOU HAD
A LONG DAY AT WORK.
- DADDY.
[giggling]
- SO...
LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE A MINUTE.
- LOOKS LIKE I DO.
- AWESOME.
I'LL JUST--I'LL BRING THE GAME
UP ON MY LAPTOP.
UH, SO...THE GAME...
IS ABOUT HOMICIDE.
AND I KNOW THERE'S, LIKE,
A MILLION VIDEO GAMES OUT THERE
ABOUT THAT.
BUT THE SECRET
TO THIS GAME IS--
AND I HAVEN'T EVEN TOLD JAMIE
THIS YET--
BUT IN MY GAME...
YOU CAN BE...
THE SERIAL KILLER.
- WHAT?
- SEE, YOU HAVE
THESE CHARACTER CHOICES.
YOU CAN BE, UH, DAHMER,
JACK THE RIPPER,
THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
- I AM  THE BAY HARBOR BUTCHER.
- SO...
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- I THINK THIS IS OFFENSIVE.
WHO WOULD CHOOSE
TO BE A SERIAL KILLER?
- WELL, I MEAN,
IT'S LIKE A VICARIOUS THRILL.
- VICARIOUS THRILL?
HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY KNOW
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO TAKE A LIFE?
WHY WOULD YOU EVEN WANT TO?
IT'S A BAD IDEA.
DO SOMETHING ELSE.
- SO?
- I'M NOT--
I'M NOT FEELING WELL.
I THINK I SHOULD GO HOME.
- AND MISS THE SHOW?
- I'M SORRY.
I'M NOT, UH--
I'M NOT UP TO IT.
- STILL NEED A SITTER?
- THIS IS THE SPOT,
BUT NO BOAT.
WHICH MEANS HOLLY
IS PROBABLY ON IT.
UNFORTUNATELY,
TRAVIS MAY BE WITH HER.
ONLY ONE WAY TO KNOW
FOR SURE.
CHECK THE SECURITY CAMERA
FOOTAGE.
[alarm blaring]
I GUESS WE ALL TELL LIES
ABOUT OURSELVES.
SECURITY VIDEO ARCHIVES.
TRAVIS.
IT'S GOT SEA TRACKER
AND THE PASSWORD IS...
NEPTUNE.
- THANK YOU, MR. GRANT.
HOW CAN I HELP YOU TONIGHT?
- YEAH, I KINDA
HAVE A PROBLEM.
MY GIRLFRIEND AND I GOT
INTO A FIGHT
AND SHE TOOK OFF WITH MY BOAT
AND I DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE WENT.
- I HAVE THE COORDINATES
RIGHT HERE.
I'LL NOTIFY THE POLICE.
- ANY WAY AROUND THAT?
- SORRY, SIR, IT'S PROTOCOL.
- I KNOW...
IT'S JUST...I DON'T THINK
MY WIFE WOULD BE TOO THRILLED
TO FIND OUT
ABOUT MY GIRLFRIEND.
- I UNDERSTAND.
SHE'S GOT A BIT
OF A JUMP ON YOU.
I'VE GOT HER LOCATION
RIGHT HERE.
- THIS...IS WORMWOOD.
- I THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE BIGGER.
- SO WE'RE READY?
- NOT YET.
WE HAVE TO COVER OUR TRACKS.
POLICE WILL FIND THIS PLACE.
- WHAT DIFFERENCE
DOES IT MAKE?
THE WORLD'S ENDING IN FOUR DAYS.
IT DOESN'T--
- IT WILL ONLY END
IF WE COMPLETE OUR WORK.
THAT CAN'T HAPPEN
IF WE'RE IN JAIL.
GOD NEVER SAID
THIS WOULD BE EASY.
- [scoffs]
JESSICA MORRIS.
GUILT TRIP
FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE.
"MEET ME AT OUR USUAL SPOT
TONIGHT.
LOVE AND HOT KISSES,
T."
[dial tone]
[line trilling]
- SAL'S FLOWERS.
SAL SPEAKING.
- HI, THIS IS LIEUTENANT
DEBRA MORGAN
FROM MIAMI METRO HOMICIDE.
I NEED TO KNOW IF YOU RECENTLY
DELIVERED FLOWERS
TO A JESSICA MORRIS, SENT BY
SOMEONE WITH THE INITIAL "T."
- JESSICA MORRIS.
HERE IT IS--DOZEN RED,
DELIVERED MORNING OF THE 18TH.
- UH, THAT WAS THE DAY SHE DIED.
WHO SENT THEM?
- OH, MY GOD.
UH, IT WAS THOMAS MATTHEWS.
- I'M SORRY,
DID YOU SAY THOMAS MATTHEWS?
UH, WHAT'S HIS PHONE NUMBER?
305-454-8537?
JESUS CHRIST.
THANK YOU.
[keypad tones]
[line trilling]
- HEY, DEB, WHAT'S UP?
- I HAVE A SITUATION.
CAN WE TALK?
- WHAT IS IT?
- NOT ON THE PHONE.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING IN?
- UM, NOT FOR A WHILE.
I HAVE SOME PERSONAL STUFF
TO TAKE CARE OF.
BEFORE YOU GET MAD--
- IT'S OKAY.
- IT IS?
- YES.
YOU HAVE YOUR OWN LIFE
TO DEAL WITH.
IT SEEMS TO BE FILLED
WITH A FUCKLOAD
OF MYSTERIOUS
PERSONAL STUFF, BUT...
WHATEVER.
- WELL...THANKS FOR BEING
SO UNDERSTANDING.
- WELL, I'M SORRY
I WASN'T BEFORE.
YOU'VE GOT MY BACK
WHEN IT COUNTS.
I KNOW THAT.
- OKAY.
- BY THE WAY,
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT THAT WHOLE
PANIC ATTACK THING, SO...
THANK YOU.
I'M GONNA GET OFF
THE PHONE NOW
SO THAT I CAN HAVE
ANOTHER ONE.
I'LL SEE YOU
WHEN YOU GET IN, OKAY?
[car accelerating]
- LOUIS.
YOU'RE HERE EARLY.
- UH, I COULDN'T SLEEP.
I...GOT A LOT ON MY MIND.
UM, I THINK
I FOUND A NEW LEAD.
THIS GUY--DOOMSDAY ADAM.
HE KEEPS POSTING
ON GELLAR'S BLOG.
- TO ALL OF PROFESSOR GELLAR'S
FAITHFUL FOLLOWERS.
I CAN NOW TELL YOU
WITHOUT A DOUBT
THAT HIS PROPHECIES ARE REAL.
MY WIFE BETH AND I
HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
TO BE SOLDIERS
IN THE FINAL BATTLE.
AND WITH GOD'S HELP,
WE WILL PROVE WORTHY.
THIS WILL BE OUR LAST POST.
SEE YOU IN PARADISE.
- YOU THINK MAYBE GELLAR
AND TRAVIS GOT TO THIS GUY
AND ENLISTED HIS HELP?
- I KNOW IT'S A LONG SHOT,
BUT--
- IT'S WORTH CHECKING OUT.
YOU THINK YOU COULD
TRACK DOWN
DOOMSDAY ADAM'S REAL NAME
AND ADDRESS?
- HIS NAME IS STEVE DORSEY.
HERE'S HIS ADDRESS.
- GOOD WORK.
I'LL CALL QUINN,
GO CHECK IT OUT.
- AT LEAST SOMEONE AROUND HERE
APPRECIATES ME.
[line trilling]
- [voicemail] HEY, IT'S QUINN.
[beep]
- FOR THE FOURTH FUCKIN' TIME,
ANSWER YOUR PHONE.
I'M NOT CALLING AGAIN,
JUST GET HERE.
SERGEANT BATISTA,
MIAMI METRO HOMICIDE.
ARE YOU MRS. BETH DORSEY?
- YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
- IS YOUR HUSBAND HOME?
- NO, HE'S NOT.
IS THERE SOMETHING WRONG?
- I'D LIKE TO ASK YOU
A FEW QUESTIONS
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
ARE YOU AWARE THAT YOUR HUSBAND
HAS BEEN POSTING ON A BLOG
BY A PROFESSOR GELLAR?
- MM, GOSH, MAYBE YOU SHOULD
TALK TO HIM WHEN HE GETS BACK.
- HOW ABOUT WE START WITH YOU
AND WE TAKE IT FROM THERE?
- FOUND THE FUCK PAD.
TRAVIS.
WHY IS HE IN A HAZMAT SUIT?
[muffled wheezing]
- YOU'RE TOO LATE.
WORMWOOD CAN'T BE STOPPED.
- NO!
THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO SET THINGS RIGHT.
- SO YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT THIS WAS ALL A JOKE?
THE VIDEOS YOUR HUSBAND POSTED
AS DOOMSDAY ADAM,
THE WHOLE...CHOSEN THING?
- MY HUSBAND HAS KIND OF
A STRANGE SENSE OF HUMOR.
- YEAH, I WOULD SAY SO.
- STEVE'S BEEN OUT OF WORK
LATELY.
HE WAS HOPING THE VIDEOS
MIGHT GO VIRAL
AND GET HIM SOME ATTENTION,
AND I JUST WANTED TO BE
SUPPORTIVE.
- MRS. DORSEY,
THESE MURDERS ARE NOTHING
TO BE JOKING AROUND ABOUT.
YOUR HUSBAND WASTED VALUABLE
POLICE TIME
AND RESOURCES THAT COULD'VE
BEEN SPENT
CATCHING THE DOOMSDAY KILLERS.
- I AM SO SORRY.
I WILL TALK TO STEVE--TELL HIM
TO GET THOSE VIDEOS DOWN.
THIS WILL NOT HAPPEN AGAIN.
- I'D APPRECIATE THAT.
IF THIS WAS ALL A JOKE,
WHY DO YOU HAVE ALL THESE BOOKS
BY PROFESSOR JAMES GELLAR?
[grunts]
- WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
HE'S A COP.
- HE DOESN'T ENFORCE
GOD'S LAW.
WE DO.
IT'S A SIGN.
MIAMI METRO HOMICIDE.
THAT'S WHERE GOD WANTS US
TO STAGE WORMWOOD.
- NOTHING TO TELL YOU
WHAT WORMWOOD IS GOING TO BE.
- I DON'T CARE
WHAT IT'S GONNA BE,
I WANNA KNOW WHERE
IT'S GONNA BE.
I HAVE TO FIX THIS.
[muffled thumping]
[motor whirring]
HOLLY.
BUT THIS DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE WORMWOOD.
SHE WAS STABBED,
NOT POISONED.
- YOU'RE STILL TOO LATE.
SHE'S ALREADY DEAD.
TRAVIS IS GONE AND YOU KILLED
THE WRONG GUY.
WHEN YOU GONNA LET THIS GO?
- WHEN I KILL TRAVIS.
- ARE YOU SURE
YOU CAN MAKE THAT HAPPEN?
- ISN'T THAT
WHAT YOU TAUGHT ME TO DO?
- I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
- ACCORDING TO YOU,
I DON'T HAVE ONE EITHER.
- WELL, YOU HAVE A CHOICE
TO MAKE RIGHT NOW.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
CALL THE POLICE.
- I TOLD YOU, I DON'T CALL
THE POLICE.
TRAVIS IS MINE.
- DEXTER,
DON'T MAKE THIS PERSONAL.
- METHYLPHOSPHONYL DIFLUORIDE?
- AND ISOPROPYL ALCOHOL.
MIX THEM TOGETHER,
THEY'RE LETHAL.
- POISON GAS.
THIS IS WORMWOOD.
THIS COULD KILL
WHO KNOWS HOW MANY PEOPLE.
- DEXTER, YOU HAVE TO CALL
THE POLICE.
- WHY WOULD I LISTEN TO YOU?
I'M ONLY HERE BECAUSE OF YOU.
NOW I'M SUPPOSED TO TRUST
YOUR JUDGMENT?
I'LL MAKE MY OWN DECISION.
- DEX.
- LEAVE ME ALONE!
BROTHER SAM SAID IT.
SOMETIMES YOU
HAVE TO SURRENDER
TO SOMETHING GREATER
THAN YOURSELF.
[line trilling]
- 9-1-1.
WHAT'S YOUR EMERGENCY?
- THE DOOMSDAY KILLERS
ARE HIDING OUT ON A YACHT
AT 114 BLEAKER CANAL ROAD.
- AND WHO'S CALLING PLEASE?
- I'D RATHER NOT
LEAVE MY NAME.
HURRY.
THEY HAVE POISON GAS.